README.md, before:

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2014 Zhiyang Ong

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

============================================================


SienaLaTeX
==========

A repository for my LaTeX templates.

This contains templates for LaTeX documents that I tend to create, LaTeX structures that I tend to use (such as tables, lists, and figures), and LaTeX commands.



This repository is organized as follows:  
1)	Documents for this projects that are in the text file format. E.g., LICENSE.md and README.md.  
2)	articoli: A LaTeX template for articles.  
3)	curriculum_vitae: A LaTeX template for curriculum vitaes and resumes.  
4)	presentazione: A LaTeX template for creating presentation slides.  
5)	rapporto: A LaTeX template for reports.  
6)	scripts: A Ruby script to remove temporary files.  

For each subdirectory, a Makefile is provided to typeset the document with LaTeX (and add references, if necessary).

Commit message:

Add explanation of how to use Make/Makefile to typeset these LaTeX documents

README.md, after:

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2014 Zhiyang Ong

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

============================================================


SienaLaTeX
==========

A repository for my LaTeX templates.

This contains templates for LaTeX documents that I tend to create, LaTeX structures that I tend to use (such as tables, lists, and figures), and LaTeX commands.



This repository is organized as follows:  
1)	Documents for this projects that are in the text file format. E.g., LICENSE.md and README.md.  
2)	articoli: A LaTeX template for articles.  
3)	curriculum_vitae: A LaTeX template for curriculum vitaes and resumes.  
4)	presentazione: A LaTeX template for creating presentation slides.  
5)	rapporto: A LaTeX template for reports.  
6)	scripts: A Ruby script to remove temporary files.  

For each subdirectory, a Makefile is provided to typeset the document with LaTeX (and add references, if necessary).

Use the Makefile to typeset the LaTeX document.

To do that, try the following on the command line of a UNIX-like operating system: make latex

If the LaTeX typesetting system is not installed on your computer, you can download it for free from either of the following:
* [LaTeX -- A document preparation system]<http://www.latex-project.org/>
* [TeX Live]<http://www.tug.org/texlive/>
